# C-Programming-Algorithm
# Problem Solving and Program Design in C - Hanly & Koffman Programming Projects


# 2 - Palindrome 
A palindrome consists of a word or deblanked, unpunctuated phrase that is
spelled exactly the same when the letters are reversed. Write a recursive func-
tion that returns a value of 1 if its string argument is a palindrome. Notice that in
palindromes such as level, deed, sees, and Madam I’m Adam (madamimadam),
the first letter matches the last, the second matches the next-to-last, and so on.

# 3 - Recursive Function

Write and test a recursive function that returns the value of the following
recursive definition:
f ( x ) = 0                     if x <= 0
f ( x ) = f ( x - 1) + 2        otherwise
What set of numbers is generated by this definition?

# Selection Sort
Selection sort algorithm.

# Vector
Normalized vector algorithm. Chapter-7 Programming Projects 7

# Polygon Area
Calculating polygon area.
Chapter 7 Programming Projects 2

# Hangman Game
An interactive program that plays a game of hangman. Store the word to
be guessed in successive elements of an array of individual characters called
word. 

# Merge Arrays
A function that will merge the contents of two sorted (ascending order)
arrays of type double values, storing the result in an array output parameter
(still in ascending order). The function should not assume that both its input
parameter arrays are the same length but can assume that one array does not
contain two copies of the same value. The result array should also contain no
duplicate values.

# Bubble Sort
The bubble sort is another technique for sorting an array. A bubble sort com-
pares adjacent array elements and exchanges their values if they are out of
order. In this way, the smaller values “bubble” to the top of the array (toward
element 0), while the larger values sink to the bottom of the array. After the
first pass of a bubble sort, the last array element is in the correct position; after
the second pass the last two elements are correct, and so on. Thus, after each
pass, the unsorted portion of the array contains one less element. Write and
test a function that implements this sorting method.

# deblank
Write and test a function deblank that takes a string output and a string
input argument and returns a copy of the input argument with all blanks
removed.

# fact
fact_calc program calculates the factorial and prints all the numbers and results.
For
example, if the value supplied for n were 6, the string returned would be
“6! = 6 x 5 x 4 x 3 x 2 x 1 = 720”. 

# Plural
A program that takes nouns and forms their plurals on the basis of
these rules:
If noun ends in “y”, remove the “y” and add “ies”.
If noun ends in “s”, “ch”, or “sh”, add “es”.
In all other cases, just add “s”.

# Reverse
A program that takes data a line at a time and reverses the words of the
line. For example,
Input: birds and bees
Reversed: bees and birds
The data should have one blank between each pair of words.
